Asien          Asian
Autum          autumn
Bolsjevik      Bolshevik
Buckhingham    Buckingham
Cabinett       Cabinet
Carabean       Caribbean
Caribean       Caribbean
Chrismas       Christmas
Commonweath    Commonwealth
Commonweatlh   Commonwealth
Commonwelth    Commonwealth
Democrates     Democrats
Englismen      Englishmen
Europa         Europe
Europen        European
Francise       Franchise
Greecs         Greeks
Indien         Indian
Irland         Ireland
Italiens       Italians
Liberales      Liberals
Massachusets   Massachusetts
Metodism       Methodism
Pachistani     Pakistani
Pakistanies    Pakistanis
Pakistans      Pakistanis
Parlamentary   parliamentary
Scandenaveans  Scandinavians
Slaves         Slavs
Suprime        Supreme
Theran         Teheran
Wigs           Whigs
abel           able
abillity       ability
abolishion     abolition
aboundance     abundance
abreviation    abbreviation
accidentaly    accidentally
achievment     achievement
acquaintences  acquaintances
acquaited      acquainted
acuaintance    acquaintance
admendments    amendments
administratores administrators
admireing      admiring
adobt          adopt
adolecence     adolescence
adolescense    adolescence
adolesence     adolescence
advertice      advertise
adviced        advised
advicers       advisers
advices        advises
advicing       advising
advicors       advisers
aerea          area
aford          afford
afried         afraid
aknowledged    acknowledged
alcaholic      alcoholic
alchohol       alcohol
allone         alone
allowe         allow
allready       already
allthough      although
alltogether    altogether
allways        always
aloud          allowed
althoug        although
althrough      although
amandment      amendment
ambigious      ambiguous
amentities     amenities
americanicized americanized
ammendment     amendment
amnisty        amnesty
an             and
and            an
ansver         answer
answeres       answers
apeals         appeals
appearent      apparent
appearently    apparently
apperance      appearance
apperently     apparently
appriciation   appreciation
apropriate     appropriate
aquaintance    acquaintance
aquainted      acquainted
aranged        arranged
areaes         areas
argueable      arguable
arose          arouse
arrieved       arrived
as             at
as             has
assambly       assembly
assasinated    assassinated
assimillated   assimilated
assosiated     associated
atatchment     attachment
atempting      attempting
athmosphere    atmosphere
atractes       attracts
attemts        attempts
attractes      attracts
authencity     authenticity
authentity     authenticity
autor          author
avaelable      available
awailable      available
awere          aware
awfull         awful
ballott        ballot
banlance       balance
barier         barrier
barriars       barriers
barriere       barrier
barrior        barrier
basic          basis
basis          bases
beatiful       beautiful
beaty          beauty
beautifull     beautiful
becoms         becomes
becouse        because
beeing         being
begining       beginning
behavour       behaviour
beleifs        beliefs
believes       beliefs
belifs         beliefs
belive         believe
benefitted     benefited
betwen         between
blaks          blacks
boarder        border
boicotted      boycotted
bowle          bowl
brake          break
brances        branches
broadely       broadly
buriel         burial
busing         bussing
busses         buses
cafee          cafe
caffs          cafes
camerades      comrades
campagnes      campaignes
campaigne      campaign
campaignes     campaigns
campain        campaign
candidat       candidate
candidats      candidates
caotic         chaotic
capabitities   capabilities
capabity       capability
capasity       capacity
capitol        capital
carneval       carnival
carosel        carousel
carreer        career
carriing       carrying
carusell       carousel
cast           coast
caste          cast
catastrophy    catastrophe
cause          course
centery        century
centuary       century
cerimonial     ceremonial
chambre        chamber
chanche        chance
changability   changeability
changable      changeable
changeing      changing
chanse         chance
charachterized characterized
charachters    characters
choise         choice
cinemaes       cinemas
citizentship   citizenship
clairifie      clarify
clearify       clarify
clearity       clarity
clerly         clearly
clift          cliff
clumsey        clumsy
coalision      coalition
coalisions     coalitions
collage        college
collegue       college
collegues      colleagues
collegus       colleagues
comerades      comrades
comitted       committed
comittees      committees
commited       committed
commitee       committee
committs       commits
comparativly   comparatively
comparision    comparison
comparisson    comparison
competation    compensation
comprehensiv   comprehensive
compromice     compromise
compromize     compromise
comunities     communities
concequence    consequence
concequently   consequently
concerne       concern
concidered     considered
concience      conscience
concious       conscious
conciousness   consciousness
conclution     conclusion
conclutions    conclusions
conected       connected
conection      connection
conections     connections
conferance     conference
confucion      confusion
connextion     connection
conqueer       conquer
conqueor       conquer
consch         conch
consciouss     conscious
consentrate    concentrate
consentrated   concentrated
consentrates   concentrates
consentration  concentration
consept        concept
conseption     conception
consequenses   consequences
conserining    concerning
consern        concern
conserned      concerned
conserning     concerning
constituences  constituencies
constitusion   constitution
conveniant     convenient
conviniently   conveniently
corpse         corps
cost           coast
cottege        cottage
coulour        colour
counsil        council
courtecy       courtesy
craives        craves
crisis         crises
criticsim      criticism
critisism      criticism
critisizm      criticism
critizing      criticizing
critizised     criticised
cronological   chronological
crusifixion    crucifixion
culturary      culturally
currant        current
cycle          circle
dangeling      dangling
darwinisism    Darwinism
deads          deeds
deceases       decreases
deceide        decide
deceided       decided
deceision      decision
deceisive      decisive
decendants     descendants
decicions      decisions
deciphring     deciphering
decission      decision
decissions     decisions
decition       decision
decitions      decisions
declair        declare
declear        declare
defenitions    definitions
deffinitely    definitely
definetely     definitely
delegats       delegates
delemma        dilemma
deligthed      delighted
delinquences   delinquencies
deminish       diminish
densily        densely
departemental  departmental
dependancy     dependency
depprived      deprived
depth          debt
descendent     descendant
desease        disease
desegragation  desegregation
desicion       decision
desicion       decision
desicions      decisions
desillusion    disillusion
desitions      decisions
desparate      desperate
desparately    desperately
desperat       desperate
desperatly     desperately
despice        despise
desturbs       disturbs
determins      determines
develope       develop
developement   development
developes      develops
developped     developed
deversity      diversity
devide         divide
devided        divided
devides        divides
deviding       dividing
diahorrea      diarrhoea
diceased       deceased
diceide        decide
diciplin       discipline
diciplinary    disciplinary
dicipline      discipline
diciplined     disciplined
difence        difference
differe        differ
differenciated differentiated
differencies   differences
diffrent       different
dilemmaes      dilemmas
dillemma       dilemma
disapeared     disappeared
disapointed    disappointed
disapprovs     disapproves
disasterous    disastrous
discoteques    discotheques
discoveres     discovers
discret        discrete
discribed      described
discribing     describing
discription    description
disegregation  desegregation
disenters      dissenters
disilliusions  disillusions
disillutionment disillusionment
disilusioned   disillusioned
disipline      discipline
disobeing      disobeying
dissappeared   disappeared
dissappointed  disappointed
dissappointing disappointing
dissillutionment disillusionment
distence       distance
distirbed      disturbed
disturbences   disturbances
disturbes      disturbs
divercified    diversified
divercity      diversity
divition       division
docters        doctors
ecconomy       economy
ecstacy        ecstasy
electrol       electoral
eleminate      eliminate
embarrased     embarrassed
emphasise      emphasis
emphesizes     emphasizes
emply          imply
encreased      increased
enormeous      enormous
enourmous      enormous
enterprice     enterprise
envellops      envelops
envokes        invokes
equel          equal
equiped        equipped
especcially    especially
espesially     especially
establisment   establishment
etheral        ethereal
everone        everyone
evry           every
exactely       exactly
examplify      exemplify
excaggerated   exaggerated
excam          exam
excample       example
excamples      examples
exceptionaly   exceptionally
excist         exist
excistence     existence
excisting      existing
executiv       executive
exellance      excellance
exellance      excellence
exellent       excellent
exeption       exception
exhiles        exiles
exhition       exhibition
existance      existence
existant       existent
exited         excited
exiting        exciting
expence        expense
expences       expenses
expencive      expensive
explotion      explosion
exsaggerated   exaggerated
exsample       example
exstensive     extensive
extatic        ecstatic
extention      extension
extreemly      extremely
extreems       extremes
extrems        extremes
faboulous      fabulous
faces          phases
faciating      fascinating
faild          failed
failes         fails
fairitale      fairytale
faliure        failure
fals           false
falsety        falsity
falsh          false
falshness      falseness
familes        families
familiare      familiar
fare           far
fascilities    facilities
favorable      favourable
fear           fair
feriously      furiously
finnished      finished
fixt           fixed
florish        flourish
florished      flourished
fore           for
forshadow      foreshadow
fransiche      franchise
freez          freeze
frentic        frenetic
ful            full
fullfill       fulfil
fullfilled     fulfilled
fundation      foundation
fysical        physical
gab            gap
garanties      guarantees
gehettoes      ghettos
gethoes        ghettos
ghettoes       ghettos
glamourous     glamorous
glimps         glimpse
goodbuy        goodbye
gould          gold
govenor        governor
goverment      government
gowern         govern
grammaphone    gramophone
grassing       grazing
gread          great
greatnes       greatness
grieves        griefs
grown          ground
guerilja       guerilla
guvernor       governor
hampher        hamper
happend        happened
happends       happens
happenes       happens
happly         happily
harmoneous     harmonious
harmonous      harmonious
haunted        hunted
heath          health
heriditary     hereditary
heterogenious  heterogeneous
heterogenius   heterogeneous
hinderance     hindrance
hole           whole
hoop           hope
horrow         horror
hurling        howling
ilegally       illegally
illution       illusion
illutions      illusions
imaginativ     imaginative
imateure       immature
imature        immature
imediate       immediate
imensely       immensely
imigrants      immigrants
imigration     immigration
immagination   imagination
immence        immense
immencely      immensely
immensly       immensely
immidate       immediate
immidiate      immediate
immidiately    immediately
immidiatly     immediately
imployed       employed
imployment     employment
implyed        implied
importand      important
independance   independence
independant    independent
independantly  independently
inequeties     inequities
inferiour      inferior
influencial    influential
infurtile      infertile
inhability     inability
inhabitied     inhabited
initiary       itinerary
initiativ      initiative
innocant       innocent
innosant       innocent
innoscence     innocence
innoscent      innocent
innosence      innocence
inosence       innocence
inspiering     inspiring
integrety      integrity
inteligent     intelligent
intended       indented
intension      intention
intensions     intentions
intercource    intercourse
interfers      interferes
intergrate     integrate
intergrated    integrated
intergration   integration
interprete     interpret
interprited    interpreted
intervowen     interwoven
interwiewed    interviewed
intregity      integrity
introdused     introduced
invation       invasion
invironment    environment
isolited       isolated
jalous         jealous
jalouseie      jealousy
jealosy        jealousy
jealus         jealous
jet            yet
jobes          jobs
key            quay
kindergarden   kindergarten
layable        liable
lieve          leave
liqour         liquor
livelyness     liveliness
lonelyness     loneliness
lonlieness     loneliness
lonliness      loneliness
lonly          lonely
loose          lose
looser         loser
loosers        losers
looses         loses
loosing        losing
lunactics      lunatics
lynched        launched
magasines      magazines
major          mayor
maraton        marathon
marked         market
marons         maroons
mayby          maybe
meat           meet
medival        medieval
medows         meadows
menthal        mental
metaphores     metaphors
methaphors     metaphors
mileu          milieu
miljeu         milieu
millons        millions
ministeres     ministers
ministres      ministers
misdemenour    misdemeanour
misinterpretted misinterpreted
mistres        mistress
moderne        modern
moove          move
mooved         moved
mouning        moaning
mucician       musician
mumies         mummies
naiv           naive
naturrally     naturally
neccesary      necessary
neccessary     necessary
necesarily     necessarily
negativ        negative
negros         negroes
neigbours      neighbours
nerveus        nervous
nescessary     necessary
nessecery      necessary
nessecery      necessary
neuclear       nuclear
newcommers     newcomers
noice          noise
noicy          noisy
non            none
nonsence       nonsense
noticable      noticeable
notised        noticed
now            no
numourously    numerously
obviosly       obviously
occasionaly    occasionally
occation       occasion
occations      occasions
occured        occurred
occurence      occurrence
occuring       occurring
occurrance     occurrence
of             off
officcees      offices
omnicent       omniscient
omnicient      omniscient
omnierant      omniscient
omnisient      omniscient
opion          opinion
oponents       opponents
oportunity     opportunity
oposite        opposite
oposition      opposition
oppinion       opinion
opponant       opponent
opponenst      opponents
oppositie      opposite
opptain        obtain
opression      oppression
optain         obtain
or             our
ordinaire      ordinary
orginizes      organizes
origal         original
origine        origin
origion        origin
origional      original
orself         ourself
owercrowded    overcrowded
painfull       painful
paradize       paradise
paralell       parallel
paralells      parallels
paralyce       paralyse
paraschutist   parachutist
parlamentarism parliamentarism
participan     participant
partisipate    participate
pasionat       passionate
patethic       pathetic
patiencently   patiently
pavillion      pavilion
peek           peak
percecuted     persecuted
percecution    persecution
perhapes       perhaps
periode        period
permantent     permanent
persentage     percentage
personnified   personified
persuation     persuasion
perverty       perverted
pessemistic    pessimistic
pettyness      pettiness
physologically physiologically
picknique      picnic
pitty          pity
plain          plane
plentyful      plentiful
pluss          plus
politicans     politicians
populair       popular
posess         possess
posessed       possessed
posission      position
positiv        positive
pracis         practice
pracise        practice
practicle      practical
practise       practice
precidency     presidency
preferrably    preferably
pregnent       pregnant
prejustices    prejudices
pretenting     pretending
previleges     privileges
primarely      primarily
primarly       primarily
priveleges     privileges
priviledged    privileged
probabely      probably
problemes      problems
proceede       proceed
proffesional   professional
profitting     profiting
profoundity    profundity
proofes        proofs
proove         prove
prooved        proved
prophesy       prophecy
proportiones   proportions
prosess        process
prospere       prosper
prostitude     prostitute
pshycically    psychically
psychonalist   psychoanalyst
psycial        psychical
psyciatrist    psychiatrist
psycological   psychological
psycologically psychologically
psycologist    psychologist
psysical       physical
psysically     physically
pupuils        pupils
quarell        quarrel
queu           quay
quit           quite
raced          raised
rase           race
reacent        recent
realety        reality
realiable      reliable
reallity       reality
realy          really
reasently      recently
recieve        receive
recieved       received
recieves       receives
reckonized     recognized
recogniced     recognized
recon          reckon
refering       referring
reffers        refers
refridgerator  refrigerator
regularily     regularly
relegion       religion
relegious      religious
relieable      reliable
reluctand      reluctant
remaind        remain
remaind        remind
reminisence    reminiscence
remnents       remnants
requireing     requiring
resamble       resemble
resent         recent
resently       recently
resistence     resistance
responsibillity responsibility
resque         rescue
resqued        rescued
restorts       resorts
resturant      restaurant
revealling     revealing
rhododendrums  rhododendrons
rhumours       rumours
rice           rise
ridicolous     ridiculous
rize           rise
rizen          risen
roumers        rumours
rurler         ruler
ruteless       ruthless
rythm          rhythm
salade         salad
salery         salary
sallary        salary
savegery       savagery
scandale       scandal
scares         scarce
scedule        schedule
sceen          scene
sceleton       skeleton
scemes         schemes
scetched       sketched
schedual       schedule
schock         shock
scketch        sketch
scolarships    scholarships
scrupullous    scrupulous
scyscrapers    skyscrapers
seam           seem
secretely      secretly
seenery        scenery
segragation    segregation
sence          sense
sentral        central
separat        separate
separeted      separated
seperate       separate
seperated      separated
seperately     separately
seperation     separation
seriousely     seriously
sexualy        sexually
shoking        shocking
shools         schools
showes         shows
shrilling      thrilling
similie        simile
simililar      similar
simoultanusly  simultaneously
sincerly       sincerely
singinging     singing
sircle         circle
sircumstances  circumstances
sivilization   civilization
sold           solved
somhow         somehow
somthing       something
sosciety       society
sosial         social
sosiety        society
souveniers     souvenirs
souvereign     sovereign
spear          spare
spects         specs
speek          speak
spesified      specified
spoild         spoiled
spontanous     spontaneous
stachato       staccato
stats          states
stearing       staring
steril         sterile
stilled        still
strait         straight
streches       stretches
streching      stretching
streit         strait
streneous      strenuous
strenght       strength
strenghten     strengthen
strenghtening  strengthening
strenous       strenuous
stricly        strictly
struggeling    struggling
struggels      struggles
strugle        struggle
strugles       struggles
stuadresses    stewardesses
stubborness    stubbornness
succeded       succeeded
succeedes      succeeds
succes         success
succesful      successful
successfull    successful
sucess         success
sucessful      successful
sucpicion      suspicion
suger          sugar
sunbading      sunbathing
supermacy      supremacy
suport         support
supportes      supporters
supurt         support
surly          surely
surpress       suppress
surpressed     suppressed
suspecious     suspicious
suspens        suspence
suspiscious    suspicious
suspition      suspicion
symphatetic    sympathetic
symphathetic   sympathetic
symphathy      sympathy
symphatize     sympathize
symphatize     sympathize
symphaty       sympathy
sympthom       symptom
symtoms        symptoms
tail           tale
talkes         talks
taxies         taxis
telles         tells
temted         tempted
teoretical     theoretical
terapeutic     therapeutic
than           then
the            they
the            to
theme          them
theoritical    theoretical
therefor       therefore
thier          their
thigh          tight
thight         tight
threatan       threaten
thrughout      throughout
thruth         truth
tickett        ticket
to             the
to             too
to             two
toilettes      toilets
toillettes     toilets
tourisme       tourism
traints        traits
transision     transition
transtition    transition
treath         threat
treathening    threatening
trembelling    trembling
treshold       threshold
triumpet       trumpet
trokeic        trochaic
troubeled      troubled
troubeling     troubling
tuff           tough
tuffness       thoughness
tyranic        tyrannical
uglyness       ugliness
underlinded    underlined
uneasyness     uneasiness
unite          unit
unscroupulous  unscrupulous
untill         until
upheavel       upheaval
uppressed      oppressed
usualy         usually
usully         usually
vallies        valleys
valnerability  vulnerability
varid          varied
varie          vary
vasted         wasted
vasteless      wasteful
virality       virility
visitid        visited
volontary      voluntary
wally          valley
wander         wonder
wast           vast
weathy         wealthy
were           where
wery           very
wether         whether
wheras         whereas
where          were
wiev           view
wifes          wives
witch          which
withdrawel     withdrawal
worce          worse
woud           would
wright         right
writters       writers
yeard          yard
